Dad, you are cheating again.
No big or small
How did I trick people?
The Vientiane Guiyuan Palace in this imperial sister
But the heavenly cultivation method
Cangnan Gate up and down
Few people can practice successfully
Even dad
Didn't it take 20 years to practice successfully?
Hey, I can't help it when I'm the sect master
The disciples of the gifted evildoers are inevitably conceited
This is a taboo for spiritual practice
I don't find a way to press it
How can I make him understand that there is a heaven beyond the sky?
The truth that there are people outside of people?
You are the master
You're right, all right?
Hey, this is the Jean Taikoo Forest Cup.
2 Eight or nine characters Lingguang's little junior brother?
My little brother
Wuji is a few years older than you
Oh, Dad, you can't do this.
I don't have a single junior brother
I just hope you can find a new apprentice
So that I can live the addiction of a senior sister
Why am I the youngest again?
Are you not fooling around?
Father, please promise me
Even if I have seniority, I will worship you as my teacher first
He should be younger than me after the business ends
Okay, okay.
Don't mess around here
Let's go out and let Wuji practice slowly here
Ah, don't you have to watch the little junior brother here?
Haha look
When does that depend?
At the beginning, I was known as the first person to realize the practice of the Canglan Sect
Entry to Vientiane Return to the Original Palace
It took almost half a year
Is there anything that can get started faster than you, Master?
Not father conceited
Since the founding of the Canglan Sect
Your father, I am this Vientiane Guiyuan Palace
Holder of spiritual records
Wuji, this kid wants to catch up with me
Hmph, I have to practice for a few more years
Master, I have already entered the Vientiane Guiyang Palace